Enhancement: Add deprecation full_statement_version=false documentation & warning log (#96)
fivetran/dbt_salesforce_formula_utils: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_salesforce_formula_utils v0.9.2
##  Documentation Update

> - Fivetran will be deprecating support for Options 2 and 3 by October 1 where you can set `full_statement_version=false`. We've highlighted this change to users of the package [in the README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_salesforce_formula_utils#step-4-create-models).

Reviewer: Users may not be entirely aware of what Options 2 and 3 are. Let's just highlight that we are deprecating the config. I feel that would resonate more.

```suggestion
- Fivetran will be deprecating support for the `full_statement_version=false` config by October 1, 2023. We've highlighted this change to users of the package [in the README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_salesforce_formula_utils#step-4-create-models).
```

Author: Updated!

> - Users still utilizing either Option 2 or 3 will receive a log message in their `dbt run` indicating deprecation of support for those options.

Reviewer: I wonder if this is actually a documentation update. I think this we should actually classify this as an "Under the Hood" entry.

Reviewer: Additionally, I would make a similar update to remove the reference to "Option 2 and 3" and just reference the config that is being deprecated.

Reviewer: Also, don't forget to add the PR link to these entries.

Author: Changes made.
